[Music]
this is what he does when he's not
playing cards he runs through his house
how about that I'm gonna have to leave
town tell me right now
now that everybody on the Lakers so I'll
have to get out of town quick in the
next bus let me explain
when kita does because he don't gamble
so you don't you know you don't know too
much about gambling so what he does is
he makes his bets so like he knows I bet
all niggas that's a good bet Lakers
can't lose and they had little chance of
celtic celtic have little chance against
them blase block so that's what we call
riding the broom man he's jinxing me so
I'm telling him am i saying stop doing
that man messing up a good thing so or
another trip a lot of the old-time
gamblers like music is like saying say
you bet 50,000 in the game and the
middle of the game would come looks like
your team's going to lose they like to
pay it off early don't ever accept the
early payoff because that means you have
to give them their money back plus your
vet so it hurts even worse and it has
unlucky for you to accept it before the
game
not a new saw I said Oh sing so sweetie
while the man shit
he's in her van or or what year came out
no come true no I didn't I just knew it
was lost in emotion yeah yeah very long
with the world meet you Mary
this is my house key right here Rita she
takes care of me well my wife really
takes Carrie what she does extras yeah
this is my dog here right here okay well
it's really my wife's girl if she don't
let me uh dog don't like me too much
sometimes I know but she's scared of
Akita that's why we're so this is it
this is it yeah see I said since your
man went over see see my hooks you don't
like you guys okay I've been kicking out
the room when it's time to you know what
you got you gotta go you got to go
Moreau's oh whoa yeah good keep going
girl hey this is my real dog right here
just in case anybody has any ideas
breaking on in my house okay papi I
can't then she has to stay in the house
now that time look at that time she's a
killer - thanks you ain't my wife - let
me let her in the house except for at
night